But guys we really do want to slap the guy did love introduction to another NASA system just to explain
a few things here.
In the South, we will do access to management control.
We will create an Amazon elastic phone system.
And then we will try to mount that elastic phone system into Amazon, etc. and then we will test the
performance of the phone system so that the first thing in the club is to go to the AC to console and
from the AC to console.
We want to go to that security group before doing that.
Just let me show you exactly why we need to do this.
We have a running elastic file system, a client.
You will find that there is a security group for the easy to investors.
That security group.
What is it you see too?
It will be the source of the communication into our security group that we will attach to the elastic
phone system.
So going back to step number eight, step number seven, asking us to copy the security group I.D. So
I'm going to copy that ID and say it here and my text editor.
Now, I want to go back and some security group.
I need to create a new one and security group should have the targets, which means I'm going to use
it for managing the target.
I copied the description and most importantly, don't forget to select that this is going to happen.
In the latter.
VPC will add a route and this story is going to be the first.
Now the source of the traffic is going to be that easy to security group.
It will be easy to climb to the front.
Have all your copy.
Security group that we just copied from that previous.
Just clear the security group and that security group will be used once we cleared the phone system.
Now, in the next task, we will create an elastic phone system.
So we are going to go to the elastic five system console.
And then we created a phone system.
Click on Customize.
Now this is will be original by default.
You can also selected to be in one.
So on made for the slap but against selected original.
In the state it was $13 asking us to uncheck automatic backup and none for the transition or the lifecycle
policy.
Then we need to put a tag in the name here and the tag will be in my best in class system made.
Make copy this from here.
Just to make sure I put to the right in which VPC is going to be in our lab.
VPC.
So in our lab VPC, as we did in the previous class, it has a public and private subnet, one and two.
And we have our public and private subgroup.
I'm going to select a loud VPC to be in a private subnet.
And this is where we normally mount the elastic filesystem unless our application is something.
To access the file system from our public subnet.
However, in this scenario here, I need to make sure that I select the correct security.
And this is with confusing Kim in this slot.
So whether you are going to mount it as a closed system client, which is basically that easy to a security
group, which is not correct in this case, but we are going to say that's the closest target.
And we are going to use it in both.
Mount.
Now click in next.
And then next.
And then it clicked at this step here.
My first file system is created successfully.
I should be able to carry on with up.
Now in the next step, we are going to connect to the AC too.
So feel free to follow the system if you are using windows or if you are having a mac.
However, I'm going to add this terminal.
To connect.
As I show you before, the last user carrying the key is located in this folder CD.
Ended up as a search folder.
So if you do Alaska, you'll find that this lab used them five.
It already existed.
In our system.
To connect to it, to our AC to we need to go back to our AC to console.
And from our instances we have a running AC to here.
Copy the public IP.
May I ask the name of the file?
Easy to use that which is the default is a mental organics and I try to click and paste the IP address.
Click, enter, click.
Yes.
And now I am able to connect to the AC to machine.
So you can skip all these steps all the way to the core where we need to create a new directory to mount
the public system into our system.
So the first thing we need to go in a step 40 is to go to the file system again.
And look at the fire system we want to mount and then attach the attach for your DNS is going to give
us a few.
Basically if you commenced to run in this particular scenario here, they are going to ask us to install
some elastic for system utility.
However, these should be installed by default in Amazon's index too.
But just to be sure based.
Now instead of 42, we need to create a new folder called Elastic Cloud System.
You could call this folder anything.
But for the sake of this scenario, I'm going to make it the default, which is to make directly elastic
close to ten.
I'm now going back to the instruction we can use on this client, not in this mountain.
So we copy this command and we paste it again and.
Now this it should take a few minutes.
And once we finish, we can get a summary of the available disk space that we have, including the amount
targets we just cleared of our system to verify this using the command, the minus page p.
We would like to also to run an excellent i o, which is like a benchmarking tool for Linux just to
see how our client system is behaving.
So we want to copy this command here and based it in the new terminal here.
And this is would basically generate some output through the file system so we can catch the performance
of our cloud system from the cloud.
The next thing is to basically go back to the services in our system which copy this and now we need
to monitor the performance of our system.
So you can see Mars and Cloud, which is sort of take us to the phone system monitoring page or if the
love and affection you need to go to the elastic file system here and select the system for all the
metrics and we get the system performance.
And we need to select the permitted throughput, which is this idea.
And this is will show us the current performance of our file system.
You could also finish the navigation in the Cloud Watch based on step number 56.
And you can also check the books and submit all of them and change the graph or examine the stack,
the area or numbers or even box.
Based on your needs.
Based on your.
So that's it for the staff.
Thank you for watching this video and see.